hello my dear lovers
Easter eggs and all the interesting things in all
favorite games today we have the third
the final edition of easter eggs in
such a wonderful game like grand theft
auto white city
Well, and immediately we will go Easter eggs
and everything hidden that I managed
find in her
so let's start if we take any
swimming ship and swim a little
north of the island’s right I’ll look into
we will see deep in the ocean
floating huge submarine there
another interesting wandering around the city
we will come across a poster advertising the film
sit down
sending us to the city in gta 1 and 2
And in the main role to him starred Arnold
steel he and of course his first and last name
borrowed from the legendary heroes
90s Arnold Schwarzenegger and
sylvester stallone she's another cry and
advertised movie bad guys trouble
feels it is a reference to the film glorious
Guys main role in which she performed
Ray Liotta voiced Wise City itself
tommy versetti continuing the journey
heading for the city studio weiss
city wandering around next to her
Pavilions can be seen that one of
scenery located near the east
walls completely repeats the familiar
by grand theft auto 3
liberty city street by the way for the cardboard
The house layout is worth a hummer and also in
one of the studios of the studios we can
see a mock moon patch
module and the american flag because when
the first landing record appeared
There were a lot of astronauts on the moon
dispute that the record of any and everything in it
rigged shot on the ground so here
probably it really all filmed
it is here another interesting thing on
back wall enclosing
film studio we can see painted over
graffiti movie poster lady frankenstein
we go further to one of the shops in
the mall has a poster that says
hot dogs shaft taste of the present
human meat what's here
what's happening is in stores
love to sell chelovechinku
traveling around the city is also possible
detect signage with advertising taxi
minus 3t xyz this taxi firm was
in liberty city 3 the year after
how do we capture the main mansion all
paintings in it will be decorated with a marker
Dali near the club Malibu is located
the building on whose roof is located
suicide poster
Samaritans
you can't just jump need a hyper jump
call 55 5 7 3 0
after we collect a few
secret figures hidden around
we need to return to our city
shelter and what do we see on the table on
actually in these figurine packs
hidden drugs and right there in the shelter in
Ocean Beach Hotel
there are three posters on two of them are films with
Candy Sax
bite and close contacts referring us to
jaw films and close contacts
third degree and in the middle a poster with
claude aids heroes gta 3
but on the table here you can see
lance only for some reason with two heads
and riccardo dias on magazine covers a
beside
jason mask of wurhiz which is already
used to rob a bank
after passing all the missions in
film studios in our mansion on the tables
a huge amount will be scattered
Porn photos Candy Sax
and on the wall is a poster with her image
Well, a few references and similarities of the main
the heroes of this game are ken rosenberg your
first friend very much like
lawyer from the movie way carlito and
money problems they have similar under
scratch looks like voiced by him
his you are not 3-seater politician Alex slave
This caricature of ex-US president
George Bush Senior and Ex-Governor
florida jaba bush in english
the words srab and bush are synonymous
translated as a makeshift leader
bikers poured kevin gage
from the movie fight and director
porno steve staple is a parody
on steven spielberg up from new similar
films
keep climbing onto the roof of the building
the whole company and. is she in
north west bank can
also fly here by helicopter
rising we go to the northwest of her
part and look west see
apartments with lots of windows
we run well and jump in
direction of the nearest window
if we did everything right through them
skipping well and here waiting for us
real easter egg
made of chocolate she has
huge size and on the side of this miracle
emblazoned huge inscription happy easter
further when
passed one hundred percent then
maximum health and armor marks
Tommy Vercetti raised to 200 units and
cars will be two times stronger than
that we will be rewarded with an endless
ammunition and a couple of bodyguards and on
the most important thing Tommy will give white
T-shirt with the inscription
I passed Weiss City and all I got
this stupid t-shirt that's such here affairs
Well, today it was the last
Easter eggs who liked my video not
forget to share it with friends and
like and subscribe to
my two channels with igropaskhalkami and
kinoposhhalkami
and join my group in contact well and on
see you soon, my dear
friends bye